feat: Add security file (#673)
vercel/ai: .github/SECURITY.md

# Reporting Security Issues

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in SWR, we encourage you to let us know right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in the AI SDK, we encourage you to let us know right away.
```

Author: my bad, fixed 😄

Author: I've also added code of conduct file if you'll have a minute or so 😄 

https://github.com/vercel/ai/pull/672
